Updated help.txt for Team Collaboration

When Working on the Project

How to Switch to the Test Branch?

git checkout test-branch

How to Pull the Latest Changes?
To ensure you have the most up-to-date version of the project before starting your work:

git pull origin main

Install Dependencies (If Needed)?
After pulling changes, check if any new dependencies were added. Run the following command to install them:

npm install

This will download all necessary dependencies based on the package.json file. The node_modules folder will not be included in the repository, so you must install these dependencies locally after pulling.

Make Changes?
Work on your assigned task. Ensure that any changes you make do not break existing functionality.

Add and Commit Your Changes?
After completing your work, add your changes to be tracked and commit them with a meaningful message:

git add .
git commit -m "Brief description of changes"

Push Your Changes to the Test Branch?
Once committed, push your changes to the test-branch:

git push origin test-branch

Step 7: Create a Pull Request (If Ready for Main Branch)
If your changes are tested and working correctly, go to GitHub, create a pull request, and request to merge test-branch into main.

Miscellaneous

Database Access (phpMyAdmin)
URL: https://students.washington.edu/is04/learn2code_db

Server Access (FileZilla/SFTP)
	•	Host: sftp://vergil.u.washington.edu
	•	Username: is04
	•	Port: 22

Git Ignore Configuration
The node_modules folder should not be included in the repository. Ensure that your .gitignore file includes:

node_modules

If node_modules was accidentally added before, remove it from tracking using:

git rm -r --cached node_modules
git commit -m "Removed node_modules from tracking"
git push origin test-branch

General Notes
	•	Never push directly to main; always push to test-branch first.
	•	Always pull the latest changes before starting new work to avoid conflicts.
	•	If you experience any issues, check help.txt or the latest commits before asking for assistance.
	•	If you need any changes made to the database, contact Eric, as he has access to modify it.

ES